hello this is chef john from food wishes
comm with an unbelievably incredibly
great onion earring recipe these are the
most incredible onion rings ever you
know i'm normally pretty modest and
humble it's one of the things that makes
me so awesome but i have to say these
are incredible best in the world alright
so we're going to start with some
regular flour and cornstarch so it's
kind of similar to a tempura batter
basically but there's my secret
ingredient instant mashed potatoes
believe it all right little Cayenne so
I'm going to whisk up the dry
ingredients and then I'm going to add
club soda you have to get the exact
amounts on food wishes we're going to
stir that in which is just going to take
a minute by the way don't worry about
developing gluten or the batter is going
to be tough it's not this is
unbelievable
that looks pretty thin there but as it
sits the instant mashed potato even
though it's just a little bit is going
to swell up and absorb some of that
liquid it's going to be perfect all
right we're going to put some panko
breadcrumbs the other secret in a
shallow pan you can get those in any
store stop emailing me you can't find
panko you can big supermarkets have it
all right I like to use not super big
but kind of medium yellow onions do not
cut them any thicker than a quarter-inch
otherwise they won't cook separate them
into rings I didn't really need to tell
you that right alright so there we go
this is only like 10 minutes later our
batter has thickened slightly and it's
perfect we're going to dump in a few
rings at a time make sure they get
coated with the batter which is pretty
much going to drip off but enough is
going to stick on there to latch onto
these panko bread crumbs these sharp
incredibly crispy bread crumbs
by the way do as I say not as you just
saw me do use a separate fork for the
crumbs and a separate fork to pull them
out of the batter much easier all right
we're going to fry these and I'm not
doing a deep fry demo just standard 350
I'm using olive oil but any standard
vegetable oil frying oil is going to
work it's going to go maybe three two
and a half three minutes and when it
comes out that magic formula that I've
come up with with the potato and the
panko produces the most crispiest onion
ring I've ever
ever anywhere all right now you can hear
this that's not fake sounds that is the
actual crunchiness and now you just have
to listen to this come on
unbelievable okay that was really bland
because there was no salt make sure you
solve these generously before serving
with some very fine sea salt so it
sticks on there and let me finish this I
know this is so rude but come on admit
it you want to hear it and that's it
super crispy amazing onion rings and
here's really the ultimate test lots of
different recipes are crunchy right when
they come out of the oil okay the real
test
does it stay crunchy what you're going
to see and hear now is literally to the
second fifteen minutes later these sat
on this rack for 15 minutes and this is
what they sound like
Your Honor I rest my case
anyway I hope you give it a try go to
the site all the ingredients are there
and as always enjoy